hi everyone today I thought I would just
show you some of the spring garden that
I planted mr. coming up although i love
the areas like a mud pit at the moment
there are a few nice things that are
coming up now i want to show you i'm
going to get behind the camera so i can
show you this is a garden but i've been
working on for about two years on and
off basically I've just kind of built it
as I've acquired things so if I got some
bulbs it's all for free if I got some
bulbs or I got you know some slate or I
found this so i found that or whatever I
put it aside and I've just been adding
it to this garden maybe I'll show you so
now let me pan back a bit so this is it
here and these I've just made these
little walls along the front just with
or basically bits of wood that affirm
come up here and there is like you know
dead branch breaks off falls down
whatever and I made this little path in
here with some slate that um I think
actually it was just piled all over the
place when I first got the house same
all of those big bit to Marble at the
end which were good fun to move because
what moving a tombstone and all the
bulbs so you can see all the daffodils
and there's the little blue ones there
they're great pie since or muscari and
I've tried to do it in succession so the
chalk I'm tilt the daffodils are all up
now and the mascara is up and the little
snowdrops like there and the tulips
which are you can see the some in here
they're all tulips there they're coming
up to so I've basically kind of tried to
plant it so it's a succession planting
of different colors and the terracotta
pot
pipe I got somewhere I'm just going to
put something in the top of it to kind
of trail over and I got that bamboo
screening I've got another bit of screen
that i'm going to put from there across
there to kind of border it off a little
bit and then old bird bath I got
somewhere and the other little bird
feeder thing in there just the top of an
old down water heater sorry so you can
see it just comes around all right so I
guess it's like succession planning with
vegetables is one thing in any kind of
as you grow your plan again yada yada
but it's nice with spring color too when
you're doing bulbs the Tetra I just
wanted to show you because even though
there are the places a bit kak at the
moment this is like you know a lift the
slides and stuff of that it's all like a
big mud pit there's not much going on in
bitch garden stuff like that but you
know it's nice to kind of do some other
stuff I like gardening as a whole so
fruit and veg of course but pretty keen
on flowers as well
so on there's lots of other little
things in there that will come up I've
got some orange blossoms that will come
up and there's some Aggies in there and
irises a whole bunch of stuff basically
whenever I get something like to pop it
in and it's kind of building it up but
it probably looks at its nicest this
time here even though everything else is
all muddy and what have you the color
was the tulips daffodils is quite nice
I've got some tulips coming up in
another garden bed but on their kind of
beverage at the moment all right I just
want to show you that and well I've got
ya other sure JS I know